Docs for Immersive Intelligence mod (1.12.2) (#503)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/Mods/Immersive_Intelligence/CraftTweaker_Support/CO2_Input.md

::requiredMod[Immersive Intelligence]{builtIn=true modLink=https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-intelligence}

# CO2 Input

> The `CO2Input` package can be used to add TileEntities, including Multiblocks to the II CO2 Collector sources list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CO2Input` package can be used to add TileEntities, including Multiblocks to the Immersive Intelligence CO2 Collector sources list.
```
